TITLE : My Dear Friend

MRS.REGINA MUNDI <larrymonnter2019@gmail.com>
contact@mbx.kz
<xx@yy>
24 de abr. de 2022 19:15
My Dear Friend,
gmail.com
gmail.com


My Dear Friend,

I am happy to inform you about my success in getting those funds
transferred under the co-operation of a new partner from Paraguay.

Although you might find it difficult to remember me, since it has indeed
been a very long time. However, I am much elated and privileged to contact
you again after this long time. While it takes faith and courage to
remember old friends and at the same time, to show gratitude to them
in-spite of circumstances that may have disrupted our transaction
ultimately not to work out as we projected. Nevertheless, I take this
liberty to inform you that, the transaction we were pursuing then
together, finally worked out by the infinite mercy of GOD Almighty and
I've decided to contact you, just to let you know the present situation.

I must inform you also that I am presently in Paraguay for business
negotiations and establishment, and, with a sincere heart, I have raised
and signed an International Cashier's Bank Draft, to the tune of
US$9,000,000.00 (Nine Million United States Dollars) in your name as
COMPENSATION for your dedication and humane contribution as it were. I
will be very busy here at the moment because of the investment projects
that me and my new partners are having at hand. The bank draft is under
Rev.Okoh C Patrick care ,Do not also accept any fax or telephone calls that
do not come from Patrick. He is the only person I instructed and
directed on how to deliver the draft to you. Therefore, I implore you to
contact him immediately you read this message for further information on
how to receive your draft, for I have conscience as a human being, and I
really appreciated your tremendous effort and contribution made to make
things work out but which we couldn't complete due to circumstances beyond
our control.


In view of this, you are to contact Rev.Okoh C Patrick in the person of . Find
below his contact:

Contact person: Rev.Okoh C Patrick
E-mail: <eximofficecontact@gmail.com>
Contact Phone number:+2348034947707

Note: He is waiting to hear from you so that he can ship the ICBD to your
residence/office address as you may instruct him to, BE WARNED ABOUT
FRAUDULENT LETTER. All the legal arrangement has been made which you
have to send him $220
for the FedEx delivery charges.

Take note and bear in mind that the International Cashier Bank Draft has a
validity period of 30 banking days, as such it is expedient you contact
him and thus have modality put in place to conclude this arrangement in
the earliest possible time.

Sincerely,
Mrs. Regina Mundi
